konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2784)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/install/install-onprem/index.md

    ansible_port: 22
```

## Specifying local addons repositories

> When using Konvoy with its default addons options, the tool will try to fetch the list of available addons from a public GitHub [kuberntes-base-addons repo][kubernetes_base_addons_repo], [kubeaddons-kommander repo][kubeaddons_kommander_repo] and [kubeaddons-dispatch repo][kubeaddons_dispatch_repo] when initializing and validating the `cluster.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Konvoy with its default addons options, the tool tries to fetch the list of available addons from a public GitHub [kuberntes-base-addons repo][kubernetes_base_addons_repo], [kubeaddons-kommander repo][kubeaddons_kommander_repo] and [kubeaddons-dispatch repo][kubeaddons_dispatch_repo] when initializing and validating the `cluster.yaml` file.
```

apiVersion: konvoy.mesosphere.io/v1beta1
spec:
  addons:
  - configRepository: /opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubernetes-base-addons
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.2.0
    addonsList:
    ...
  - configRepository: /opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubeaddons-dispatch
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.0.0
    addonsList:
    - name: dispatch # Dispatch is currently in Beta
      enabled: false
  - configRepository: /opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubeaddons-kommander
    configVersion: stable-1.16-1.0.0
    addonsList:
    - name: kommander
      enabled: true
```

> You can also specify a remote git repos hosted in your organization using the same `--addons-repositories` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify remote git repos hosted in your organization using the same `--addons-repositories` flag.
```
